gcloud-*: add pages (#11625)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gcloud-feedback.md

# gcloud feedback

> Provide feedback to the Google Cloud team.
> See also: `gcloud`.
> More information: <https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/feedback>.

- Provide feedback to the `gcloud` team:

`gcloud feedback`

> - Provide feedback to the `gcloud` team, including a log file:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Provide feedback to the `gcloud` team and attach a log file:
```
